
Here are five possible mappings from the PyTorch `torch.autograd.grad` API to equivalent CNTK APIs:

1. `cntk.ops.grad`: This is a function that computes the gradient of a given function with respect to one or more input variables. It takes as input a function, an initial value for the input variable(s), and optionally a set of parameters to optimize. The output is a tensor representing the gradient of the function with respect to the input variable(s).
2. `cntk.ops.grad_input`: This is a function that computes the gradient of a given function with respect to one or more input variables, but returns only the gradients with respect to the input variables. It takes as input a function, an initial value for the input variable(s), and optionally a set of parameters to optimize. The output is a tensor representing the gradient of the function with respect to the input variable(s).
3. `cntk.ops.grad_output`: This is a function that computes the gradient of a given function with respect to one or more output variables, but returns only the gradients with respect to the output variables. It takes as input a function, an initial value for the output variable(s), and optionally a set of parameters to optimize. The output is a tensor representing the gradient of the function with respect to the output variable(s).
4. `cntk.ops.grad_params`: This is a function that computes the gradient of a given function with respect to one or more parameters, but returns only the gradients with respect to the parameters. It takes as input a function, an initial value for the parameter(s), and optionally a set of parameters to optimize. The output is a tensor representing the gradient of the function with respect to the parameter(s).
5. `cntk.ops.grad_all`: This is a function that computes the gradient of a given function with respect to all input variables, output variables, and parameters. It takes as input a function, an initial value for the input variable(s), an initial value for the output variable(s), and optionally a set of parameters to optimize. The output is a tensor representing the gradient of the function with respect to all input variables, output variables, and parameters.